[Autogenerated] Hi, I'm Andrew Morgan.
On Welcome to define a module of the course Introduction to Spring Cloud
contracts in this module will be expanding on what we've already learned
by building masses driven Robin in Haiti,
tp drove and micro Services.
First of all,
we're going to give a high level overview of why message
driven micro services still benefit from,
if not require, consumer driven contract testing.
After explaining this,
motivation will then introduce how spring cloud
contract functions with messaging.
This will include using it to verify, weaken shame messages correctly,
that we produce messages correctly and that we are able to
implement the import output pattern. Why the consumption of one message can cause another to be produced.